# Reflections:
During the first iteration, many of the team members naturally fell into various roles which made the team work well together. While there were occasional communication errors and delays, nearly all team members worked well and communicated to resolve any issues. The messaging group created was extremely helpful when it came to clarification. The messaging group was used to facilitate the virtual standups which we did to ensure that everybody was on target for the deadline.

In the planning stage, those who had experience in creating user stories and tests created templates and examples which the rest of the team successfully used and followed. This helped ensure that this section of the project followed a constant style and structure. This was particularly beneficial when it came to reviewing each other's work as it was easy to follow due to the consistency. We decided on a more comprehensive style when it came to writing the tests where everything is fully documented, from the function names, examples of input-output data and a written description of what each function and test did. Since the team was unfamiliar with each other's style or thought process, this simplified the review process as each function can be easily understood and fixed if required

The constant reviewing created a feedback loop which made sure that all the user stories and code were correctly written and implemented. The specification was thoroughly read over by every member to ensure no misunderstanding. However, there was occasional miscommunication between members when it came to certain vague terms within the specification which caused some confusion and lead to some time having to be used to clear up said issues.

Overall, the team came together very well and smoothly during this first iteration. Every member executed tasks they were assigned during the planning stage. Each member's strengths came in useful during the execution and we followed a well-documented structure that ensured no misunderstanding with each other's code. Miscommunication was quickly remedied through virtual standups and the task was completed to a satisfactory standard.

